Rename  "runtime.uptime" metric from instrumentation/runtime package (#5293)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code instrumentation. (#3068, #3108)

### Changed

> - Renamed `runtime.uptime` in `/instrumentation/runtime/runtime.go` to `process.runtime.uptime` (#2625)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed metric `runtime.uptime` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/runtime/runtime.go` to `process.runtime.uptime`. (#5293)
```
